Serverless computing is an architectural model
or a cloud provider offers scalable, flexible,
and low-cost compute services as needed,
eliminating the need for customers to provision and manage compute.
Serverless offers developers the advantage of faster release times,
unlimited compute capacity, and the freedom
from the task of managing and optimizing servers.
The cloud vendor takes care of all of that,
meaning that in a serverless model,
there are actually servers running behind the scenes,
but developers don't have to interact with or worry about them.
Serverless architecture is an excellent choice for new,
lightweight, flexible applications that are being designed for the cloud.
That is cloud native that have short running processes,
inconsistent workloads with levels in between processing,
and a need to reduce latency by having some compute functions running close to end-users.
Not all applications can benefit from running serverless.
Applications that have long running processes and
consistent workloads would probably function best on EC2 instance.
The cost benefit of serverless would be lost on the long running consistent workloads,
which is actually a key metric for an optimized EC2 instance.
Serverless pricing is based on resources used per second.
Short functions work best with serverless compute.
In this lesson, we'll start exploring serverless architecture.
Specifically, we'll talk about cloud migration, AWS Lambda,
serverless costs, API Gateway,
and DynamoDB, and containers.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6